Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure, it's not your fault.
I like China. I just sold an apartment for $15 million to someone from China. Am I supposed to dislike them?
An ‘extremely credible source’ has called my office and told me that Barack Obama’s birth certificate is a fraud.
I was down there, and I watched our police and our firemen, down on 7-Eleven, down at the World Trade Center, right after it came down.
I have so many fabulous friends who happen to be gay, but I am a traditionalist.
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.
It’s freezing and snowing in New York – we need global warming!
The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.
You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write as long as you’ve got a young, and beautiful, piece of ass.
A nation will not survive morally or economically when so few have so much and so many have so little.
It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
It's better to show up than to give up.
It's time to make our government work for all of us... and not just the 1%.
The greed of the billionaire class has got to end and we are going to end it for them.
A guy named Adolf Hitler won an election in 1932 ... and 50 million people died as a result ... what I learned as a little kid is that politics is, in fact, very important.
Nobody who works 40 hours a week should be living in poverty.
In my view, there is no justice when the 15 wealthiest people in this country in the last two years, saw their wealth increase by $170 billion. That is more wealth acquired in a two year period than is owned by the bottom 130 million Americans.
What kind of nation are we when we give tax breaks to billionaires, but we can't take care of the elderly and the children.
The greed of the billionaire class has got to end and we are going to end it for them.